PHP has been chosen as the programming language to handle the website/database integration project. However, other programming languages may be used if they are considered a better solution for the project.

PART ONE

    1. Create the login and registration pages x
    2. Use an appropriate hashing/encryption method for the passwordx
    3. Write the necessary PHP PDO code or the latest libraries or extension to connect to the databasex
    4. Validate the form input x
    5. Sanitise all form input before using it in the database – use appropriate methods to filter the datax
    6. Comment and indent the code appropriatelyx

PART TWO
    1. Write the necessary PHP PDO code to select and display all books in the database with the corresponding details. The output must be properly formatted and must be responsive.x
    2. Write the necessary PHP PDO code to add (insert) new books to the database. When adding a new book you need to enter new information in four tables (book, author, bookplot, bookranking)x
    3. Write the necessary PHP PDO code to update the selected bookx
    4. Write the necessary PHP PDO code to delete the selected bookx
    5. Comment and indent the code appropriatelyx

PART THREE
    1. Security and Sessions. Write the necessary PHP code to ensure that if a person is not logged in they cannot access the admin pages by, for example, typing the page URL. To achieve his part you need to use sessions.x
    2. Write the necessary PHP code to close a session and logout of the site.x
    
PART FOUR
Site Files/Database Files
Completed site folder and a copy of the database structure and data (exported file).x
	Include a ‘read me’ file for any information that the assessor may need to know to access your project e.g. passwords username and so on.
Word or PDF document
Take screenshots of the following PHP code segments and include them in the document. Provide a brief explanation for each segment:x

The following sections of PHP code must be formatted correctly, the code must also be indented and commented.

    1. Connection to the database 
    2. Password_hash()  utilisation 
    3. Data input sanitation
    4. Insert query statement/s
    5. Update query statement/s
    6. Delete query statement/s
    7. Session code (create, destroy and redirect)

    UPDATE book SET coverImagePath = "../covers/lordoftherings.jpeg" WHERE BookID = 3






TEACHER:

Username: userlogin
Password: 123456

Username: adminlogin
Password: 654321

